README.md, before:

# Project Name
Members Only

We used rails to create an application that:
- allow members to write anonymous posts
- allow a member to can see the author of a post
- does not allow a non-member to see the author of a post

## Built With

- Rails

## Getting Started

To run this application locally, you will need to have:

- Ruby version 2.7 and above
- Rails installed
- Yarn installed
- Gems installed
- Devise added to your Gemfile and installed
- A terminal

Once you have all the above listed:

- Create a clone of this repository. 
  - In your terminal type 'git clone https://github.com/ybadmus/members-only.git'
  - From your terminal move into the cloned repository folder by using the 'cd' command 
- In your terminal type 'rails server' to run your server.
- In your browser, navigate to your localhost: 'http://localhost:3000'.


## Authors

👤 Tasheka Hamilton

- GitHub: [@Tasheka](https://github.com/Tasheka)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tasheka-m-hamilton/)
- Twitter[@TashekaHamilto2](https://twitter.com/TashekaHamilto2)

👤 Yusif Badmus

- GitHub: [@ybadmus](https://github.com/ybadmus) 
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ybadmus/)
- Twitter: [@yusif_badmus](https://twitter.com/yusif_badmus)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/ybadmus/members-only/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

Commit message:

fix a bug with authentication on new and create routes

README.md, after:

# Members Only

In this project, you’ll be building an exclusive clubhouse where your members can write anonymous posts. Inside the clubhouse, members can see who the author of a post is but, outside, they can only see the story and wonder who wrote it.

## Built With

- Ruby on Rails
- Using Linters for Ruby and Stylelint
- Git, GitHub
- Using Bundler

## Getting Started

To run this application locally, you will need to have:

- Ruby version 2.7 and above
- Rails installed
- Yarn & NPM installed
- A terminal

Once you have all the above listed:

- Create a clone of this repository. 
  - In your terminal type 'git clone https://github.com/ybadmus/members-only.git'
  - From your terminal move into the cloned repository folder by using the 'cd' command 
- run `yarn install` 
- run `npm install`
- run `rails webpacker:install`
- run `bundle install`
- run `rails db: migrate` to migrate the database 
- run `rails server`
- Go to `http://localhost:3000` on your browser to view the homepage of the application 
- FinaLly run `rails console` to inspect the structure of the database and the data you stored.

## Authors

👤 Tasheka Hamilton

- GitHub: [@Tasheka](https://github.com/Tasheka)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tasheka-m-hamilton/)
- Twitter[@TashekaHamilto2](https://twitter.com/TashekaHamilto2)

👤 Yusif Badmus

- GitHub: [@ybadmus](https://github.com/ybadmus) 
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ybadmus/)
- Twitter: [@yusif_badmus](https://twitter.com/yusif_badmus)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/ybadmus/members-only/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
